Switching this over to use the named query and the projections that the named
query is utilizing is actually easier than you may think.
There is one little caveat though. We have to go to our registration object
and change the name of our named query. You'll remember we used this public
static final String to name our named query in this definition of above. All
we have to do is come in here and specify the domain. So we'll say
Registration.registrationReport.
Now since we're in this RegistrationRepository interface, that
literally becomes the name of the method now,
RegistrationReport. We'll save this, and that's actually our named query.
So the rest of the functionality that we had inside of our
RegistrationRepository, the save, findAll, and findAllReports can
actually all go away. I'm going to delete the implementation,
click OK, and our RegistrationRepository has a call from
the RegistrationService that will now just be
registrationReport, and we can save that.
We have all of our code switched over to now using the JpaRepository interfaces,
and this is the extent of what our repository tier looks like
now. Let's fire up our server and see what this looks like from the user interface side of it.